fix(docs): content review (#2131)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/instances/reference-content/preventing-outgoing-ddos.mdx

You are responsible for your resources.
If a resource you control takes part in a DDoS you will be considered responsible for attacking the target of this DDoS.

> Scaleway will lock any resources (e.g. Instances, Kubernetes cluster, Elastic Metal server) that are identified as a contributor to a DDoS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway will lock any resources (e.g. Instances, Kubernetes clusters, Elastic Metal servers) that are identified as a contributor to a DDoS.
```
